You dare to fight this beast
It's the first time anyone hit me like that
Second time
How did your executives arrange it?
Why am I being stopped outside the ballroom?
What? How could this happen?
I'm going crazy.
Stop! I'm coming
Don't immediately let the organizers of the Building Chamber of Commerce
Roll down and meet me
I'll just give him a minute
Every minute late
I'll get rid of a building manager
Do what you say
You only have a minute now.
In a minute I promise you'll be on your knees and tell me
Hahaha, you are really courting death.
You don't even have room for yourself?
One minute. Okay?
I'll give you a minute.
I'll see who you can get
Doctor Zhang, what else are you doing at home?
Why did you come in person?
I will not come again
The Zhang family is gone
People call me
Say my lord has arrived
You're still making a lot of noise here